### New Version

**The first-year students of the Advanced Nurturing High School went on a luxurious liner for a 2-week cruise trip prepared by the school, after the end-of-term exam. Kei and her friend in particular were enjoying the atmosphere and sceneries.** [22](../references/vol3.md)

**Arrived on island Yōsuke Hirata lists and discusses the needs of camping spots and necessities. The girls and boys sides, particularly Shinohara and Ike, started arguing again about the toilet matter. Since a temporary one costs 20 points, the boys wanted to use just the cardboard ones to preserve their points as much as possible and only spent them when necessary, while the girls objected to the idea. When girls asked opinion of Kei, she said that they should save as many points as possible, even if they have to use cardbox toilet** [23](../references/vol3.md)

**While sleeping, the boys suddenly got waken up by the girls, who appear upset. Shinohara informed that Karuizawa's underwear has been stolen. As their luggage was put outside the tents to make space, Shinohara believed someone had gone through them and taken it. Karuizawa was in tears and being comforted by other girls in the tent, while the boys became alerted of the situation.**

**The girls requested to live separately from the boys as they still believed the culprit is among them. D-Class's unity started falling apart as both sides have a huge argument about it. The girls, led by Karuizawa and Shinohara, ask Hirata for help as they could trust him, but Suzune opposed against it. Suzune explained her reasoning and wants another boy, in this case Kiyotaka, to watch over Hirata. The girls castde their doubts on him, they thought that he acted too suspicious, but Airi tried to defend him. Karuizawa lashed out at Airi and started teasing her, with other girls joining in. Unable to bear it, Airi ran off into the forest.** [24](../references/vol3.md)

**After further explanations from Suzune, Karuizawa agreed to let Kiyotaka be on guard as he seems to be the most harmless and Hirata is fine with it. Trying to calm both parties, Hirata voiced his thoughts over the matter, stating that he didn't not want the class to doubt their own classmates. Someone then mentioned Ibuki as a possible suspect but Shinohara and Karuizawa still kept their suspicions on the boys.**

**Unlike the boys’ tent, which was Spartan-like in its lack of comfort, the girls’ tent was completely different. It was spacious, with a floor mat on the ground so that they wouldn’t have to sleep on the hard earth. There were several pillows inflated with air. On top of that was a battery-powered cordless fan. Girls hadn’t sacrificed anything from the very start. They’d simply bought whatever they needed. It was Karuizawa-san and the others asked for these. Apparently, they’d secretly indulged themselves quite well.**  [25](../references/vol3.md)

**When D-Class returned to the ship, they met Suzune, that still looking pale, and the students gathered around her.  Karuizawa apologized for what she said, stating that Ibuki was the underwear theft and Kiyotaka has told them everything. She said that Suzune had tried to chase after Ibuki, and she also found out C-Class and A-Class leaders and told Hirata about it.**