**At the end of summer vacation Kiyotaka called Kei to rest area. This spot became desserted due to heat, so nobody was there and could see them two them together. Ayanokoji apologized for this sudden call, but Kei replied that she still didn't do anything and was just hanging out in her room. It was because that she's already spent all her points, so when Kiyo asked about her plans for tommorow she answer that she was going to sleep. Kiyotake reminded that she will get 500.000 points in next month and teased her because she is a shopaholic and can't keep points.  When topic of dialogue came to points Karuizawa expressed her concerns about is it normal for students to have so much money. But he reassured and said that that she don't have to worry about it, she just needs to maintain balance between wants and needs. If she suddenly changed from spendthrift to miserly, students might get suspicious.**

**Before Ayanokoji could tell her why he called her, Kei asked for apologizing for calling out there on such hot day. He offered her bottle of tea. She hesitated, then reluctantly accepted it. Karuizawa struggled to uncap her drink. After poor joke Kiyotaka he helped her.**

**Before summer vacation, it would’ve been impossible for them to have this kind of conversations. She probably still didn’t trust Kiyotaka, but she showed no sign of that. 
Karuizawa really understood self-control. To protect herself and her status, she could adapt to any environment.** 

**After this Kiyotaka went to main topic of this meeting. At the last day of summer vacation he and his friends wanted to make some fun summer memories by going to pool. It’s normally reserved for the swim club. Before school started again restriction was lifted and pool was open for communal use. Karuizawa mentioned that she wasn't interested in swimming. Even at school when they had swim class she always skipped them by claiming she didn't feel well. Its not like she hated it but due to her circumstances she just can't let someone see her scar.**

**Kei wondered that this have to do with her. Before he answered Kiotaka wanted to ask her one thing - did school know that she was bullied before. Kei was angry when she heard this questing, because this was very serious topic for her. But Kiyotaka insisted that this is relevant. She didn't have a choice and told him that she was doubting that school knew about. Her opinion was they just thought her poor attendance was due to her being sick or stupid. Even if school  investigated the matter, they probably wouldn't find any evidence of the bullying. No matter how often they beat her up, the school ignored the bullying, and wouldn’t do anything. They gave the bullies light warnings, at most.
Of course, it got worse after that. No one admitted the truth. But she still is grateful to the people who bullied her, and the school that covered it up. No one here knows about here past. That’s why she was able to build new herself. She couldn’t have done that if everyone here had heard of the bullying.**

**Even if Kiyotaka thought that she deserved praise, but he neverless told that from now on  she is forbidden to do anything that supports bullying others. She pretended that she didn't understand. Even if she was bullying Sakura to prevent herself from becoming a victim, he couldn't tolerate that because Sakura helped him few time. He promised that if her position in class appear to be in danger then he will bring Hirata and even Chabashira-sensei to eliminate her enemies. Karuizawa wasn't person who would resort to violence, she was just playing that part to protect herself. This is way how she overcame her trauma.**

**Karuizawa wondered why bringing up her past felt so suprisingly fine.** 

**She was curious about Kiotaka's real personality, because he acted completely different. Kiyotaka's usual self is gloomy and not very talkative guy, but now he was assertive and very direct. He told you if she was interested in who was he really she just would just keep her eye on him to determine what kind of person he is.**

**After that they returned to the conversation about school. At last day of summer vacation four of them guys- Kiyotaka, Ike, Yamauchi and Sudou-are planning to go out, along with Horikata, Sakura and Kushida. He wanted that Kei joined them. She had no connection to the group so she was obviously was suprised and angry. He told her that she can't refuse. To show her some consideration he mentioned that she didn't have to participate. After that he explained in detail why he called her. This task gave Karuizawa headache. She asked why couldn't he ask Horikita. He replied that he still can't full trust her and all his action was independant of her. Karuizawa looked happy when she heard that she is more trustworthy than Horikita. In the end she agreed to carry out his orders.** [52](../references/vol45.md)

**To complete Kiyotaka's plan Kei needed to go the locker room beside pool. Kei who almost never swam during class suprised her classmates that were changing there. She and the two girls who entered with her headed toward the lockers all the way in the back of the room. She touched the grating across the vent, and it came off without much effort. That wasn’t due to her superhuman strength.  Someone had entered the locker room yesterday and carefully unfastened all the screws with a Philips screwdriver. She found the RC car up against the vent opening. Its camera’s gleaming lens captured the girls’ locker room at an excellent angle. The light next to the monitor glowed a faint red, which meant the camera was in the middle of recording. Doing as Kiyotaka had instructed her ahead of time, Karuizawa removed the memory card. She replaced it with a new memory card with no data, and put the car back in the vent. As exasperated as Kei was by the guys’ grossness, her thoughts turned to the only person who acted to stop them from carrying the plan out: Kiyotaka. Kei had used her friends to shield herself from view as she bent down to the vent.  She’d even procured the keys to all the nearby lockers beforehand, so people would see them marked as full, and not use them. She didn’t explain what she was doing to her friends. They were people who obediently followed instructions without requiring explanations. They were not strong-willed, and they feared being ostracized. Kei kept such people around on purpose. After she finished changing, and confirmed that no other Class D students were around, Karuizawa thanked the girls she was with and let them off.** [53](../references/vol45.md)


**When it was almost closing time, everybody head back before the crowds got worse. While everyone got changed, Kei appeared in front of Kiyotaka who slipped away and waited for her by the pool. She expressed her worry that even if her relatioship with Hirata was fake she still had maintain their image as ideal pair. But Kiyotaka said she didn't need to overthink because everybody would just think that they were part of same company.**

**After Karuizawa gave Kiyotaka memory card, she asked why didn't he just sit back and enjoy the show. He thought that it could have ended up fracturing class, and he wanted to avoid that. After this reply she was wondering if he did aim to class A. Possible confrontantion with class 1-C and specific group of girls frighten her, so she gave up on having more points.**

**Kiyotaka wanted to expel someone on next test. His first candidates were girls who knew about Kei's past, but if it didn't work he would expel unnescessary human being from class D. This memory card could help with this matter. Karuizawa was shocked by his words. She suggested him to consult with Hirata about this. Kiyotaka replied that Hirata wasn't person who he could trust because Hirata didn't tell full story about his past. Past trauma didn’t equate to getting placed in Class D, this he learnt from their talk about Kei's past.**

**Kei thought that he wasn't normal. She assumed that something definintely happened to him. He looked like person who could kill someone without hesitation.**

**Almost as if answering that questing, Kiyotaka clenched his fist tighter. He broke memory card that was in his hand. He said that he won't expel anyone from Class 1-D. When Kiyotaka tossed away the bits of plastic to the garbage bin, Karuizawa's mission ended, and they could head back.**

**Due to her scar Kei had to wait until she was able to change. Because she had time Kiyotaka suggested her swim. The only people here were lifeguards and they were cleaning up. Kei's tried to refuse but then he used more aggresive method and ordered her to do that. Karuizawa angrily glared at him but she nevertheless did as instucted.**

**She removed her rash guard and left it on a chair. She was still terrified that her scar would draw people’s attention. Kiyotaka closed the distance between them and grabbed her arm and then shoved her into the pool. Kei shouted at him. When he outstretched hand to help her got back, then, without warning, she pulled him into the water. When Kiyotaka tried to surface, she held his head down and pushed him deeper underwater. Even though the situation was childish, seeing Karuizawa enjoyed something ended up making it worthwhile.** [54](../references/vol45.md)

**After that Kei and Kiyotaka had a small talk. Kei said that people would have a negative attitude towards things that are outside of their scope of understanding. It was  not because she wanted to show off. Kiyotaka couldn’t help but be suprised because he had similar thoughts.  With her outer appearance and her actions being so different, her inner being was very reliable.**

**Kiotaka didn't look at her, but he raised a topic - that included her scar. She said replied that changing is not only issue. She mentioned - nobody doesn't wear school swimsuits. Also she didn't like fact that her body was completely exposed if she wore a swimsuit. When Kei asked did he order her to just see her swimsuit, Kiyotaka replied that he was wondering if she played to her heart’s content. Karuizawa pretended what she didn't hear his last words.**

**Karuizawa expressed that it not bad that she can communicate with Kiyotaka like that. Even she had Hirata and other friend around her, she had been hiding her real self all the time.**

**Karuizawa was shouldering a psychological wound and a physical scar, none of them could be easily cured. Kiyotaka thought thay this might be me overestimating his capabilities, but if his existence can bring healing to this person, then as a person, this is something worth being happy.** [55](../references/vol45.md)