## Return Back

[:arrow_up:](../readme.md)


### Old Version

In the light novel, there was another exam on the ship after their return from the survival island. In this exam, their objective was to find a traitor hidden among the groups that were divided into 12 different groups based on the Chinese zodiac's names among all classes. Kei was put into the same group as Kiyotaka, Teruhiko Yukimura, Hideo Sotomura, and students from other classes such as Honami Ichinose from B-Class, Machida from A-Class, and Mio Ibuki and Shiho Manabe from C-Class. Kei couldn't hide her dissatisfaction when seeing Kiyotaka and others as her groupmates. [9](../references/original.md)

Kei was seen not taking part in the group discussions to expose the traitor, but she was often seen flirting with the handsome Machida from the A-Class, which eventually pissed off Manabe and her C class friends. Machida seems to taken interest in Kei due to her cuteness and he had shown a protective behavior toward Kei. Manabe and her friends then brought up the topic of how Kei shoved one of her friends, Rika, and asked for her apology. Kei then feigned ignorance and kept using Machida as a shield, which further pissed Manabe off.

After one of their group meetings, Kiyotaka and Teruhiko saw Kei getting dragged into the emergency stairs and getting confronted by Manabe and others. Manabe was still confronting Kei about the incident that happened to Rika, but Kei was being stubborn and neglected the fact that she pushed Rika. As the argument got heated up, Manabe and others lost their patience and started making physical contact with Kei. Though they began by shoving her shoulder, even this caused Kei to show strange symptoms for her, breathing raggedly and curling into a fetal position. Manabe and her friends then proceeded to grab Kei's hair and forcefully pulled Kei up, and saying that they wanted to hit Kei's face. This act of physical bullying really caused Kei to lose her previous arrogance and attitude, causing her to begin to shake and tear up to the point where the previous Karuizawa Kei seemed nothing more than a façade. Before the situation could turn even worse, Teruhiko, who couldn’t bear to watch it anymore, came to interrupt them. The situation did not get better until Kiyotaka said that he saw a teacher and said it was better for them to leave. Manabe and others left, and Kei recovered. She then brushed off Teruhiko, who showed concerns, and told him and Kiyotaka not to let anyone know about this.

Kiyotaka thought that Kei's reactions were too extreme, so he asked Hirata and learned about that Kei had been bullied since elementary school. As he learned that Kei was a capable person who could cover up her past using a new persona up until now, he decided to make her his pawn who would secretly completely obey his orders. He anonymously testified to Manabe about their issue, then used Hirata's phone to lure Kei to the ship's basement near the engine room and let Manabe's group get revenge for their friend. After Manabe's group left, he approached Kei and told her that he would save her in exchange for her obeying all orders. Kei tried to put up a strong front, but lost all will to resist when Kiyotaka glared deeply into her eye. He secretly took a video of Manabe bullying Kei at the staircase, which he used to save Kei by blackmailing Manabe's group into not approaching Kei or saying anything about Kei. Finally forming a relationship with Kei, he firstly made her go along with his plan, making A-class wrongly guess the group traitor.


### New Version


**Before next exam started Kei gave a monologue reflecting on how nothing has changed since she entered the school. From the beginning, she had no intention of changing anything, as she simply understands herself more than anyone else, both in strengths and weaknesses. Even when no one liked her she still didn't want to change, because she had wanted this. Looking at herself in the mirror after getting out of the bathroom, she suddenly felt dizzy and throws up. She keep asking herself on the reason for her sufferings, without being able to change anything from the past. As such, she will do anything to protect herself, to ensure that will never happen again. She declared herself a 'parasite', a weak creature incapable of surviving on its own.** [26](../references/vol4.md)

**After returning on the ship, Hirata and Kiyotaka were relaxing at their room. Hirata tells Kiyotaka about his plan on having lunch with Karuizawa and invites him to tag along. Kiyotaka denies, stating he would probably not get along with Karuizawa's group. Hirata insists on inviting him and asks whether it would be fine if there's only two of them. Kiyotaka says Karuizawa may not be happy with it as an attempt to decline, but Hirata reassures him, saying that he has limited opportunities to eat together with him while he can eat with Karuizawa whenever he wants. Kiyotaka doesn't have a choice and and agrees to his suggestion.** 

**Hirata wanted to find a way for getting help from Suzune but before two of them can come to some conclusion, Karuizawa approached them and called out to Hirata. While Hirata tried telling her about their cancelled lunch, Karuizawa and her friends joined in and quickly push Kiyotaka out of the group.** [27](../references/vol4.md)

**At 18:00, Karuizawa entered and sat down. There was Mashima, Class A's homeroom teacher, along with three of his classmates, Hideo Sotomura and Teruhiko Yukimura, and Kiyotaka Ayanokoji, and one empty seat. She wondered why her classmates are also there but got reprimanded by Mashima for being late.

**Mashima then explained the contents of the new special exam. The four of them will also be in the same group and they may be joined in by some other students, who was also receiving the same explanations in other rooms. Karuizawa berated that she had to be in the same room as the three boys and prefers to be with Hirata. Unable to stay silent, Kei reflexively spoke up with one question after another.  Yukimura lost his patience and starts arguing with her, but Kiyotaka quickly intervened. Mashima briefly scolded them and told them to get along, but Karuizawa refused and expressesed her disgust. Karuizawa then asked Mashima on why only the four of them are getting this explanation, with Mashima explaining that there's a risk of confusing the students if the exam itself was not explained like this in advance, since there wasn't just one class being divided but 3 to 5 people from each class being divided into groups.** 


~~There was another exam on the ship after their return from the survival island. In this exam, their objective was to find a traitor hidden among the groups that were divided into 12 different groups based on the Chinese zodiac's names among all classes. Kei was put into the same group as Kiyotaka, Teruhiko Yukimura, Hideo Sotomura,~~ __Beside her classmates she was put in group__ ~~and~~ of students from other classes such as Honami Ichinose from B-Class, Machida from A-Class, and Mio Ibuki and Shiho Manabe from C-Class. ~~Kei couldn't hide her dissatisfaction when seeing Kiyotaka and others as her groupmates.~~ **Kei couldn't hide her dissatisfaction when seeing Mio Ibuki as her groupmates.** [28](../references/vol4.md)

**After Mashima finisged explanation the group of four are then told to leave but Yukimura suggests staying and having a chat as they're now in the same group for the exam. Karuizawa ignores his words and starts walking away while calling Hirata.** [29](../references/vol4.md)

**When special exam started Karuizawa and Ibuki both sat a little further away, as if isolating themselves, both of them didn't tried to confront each-other after underwear accident on island.** [30](../references/vol4.md)

**Karuizawa didn’t understand, but with just one simple question, a hierarchy formed within the group, and she was on top.** [21](#21change)
**Even if Kei at start agreed on coorperation and on outcome number 1, but after suggestion from Machida that they doesn't have to discuss anything, she suddenly changed her opinion saying that she wanted to end this exam as soon as possible.** [22](#22change)
~~Kei was seen not taking part in the group discussions to expose the traitor, but she was often seen flirting with the handsome Machida from the A-Class, which eventually pissed off Manabe and her C class friends. Machida seems to taken interest in Kei due to her cuteness and he had shown a protective behavior toward Kei. Manabe and her friends then brought up the topic of how Kei shoved one of her friends, Rika, and asked for her apology. Kei then feigned ignorance and kept using Machida as a shield, which further pissed Manabe off.~~ [31](../references/vol4.md)
**After discussion can't be continued  Manabe from Class C calls out to Karuizawa, asking about her encounter with Rika Morifuji, another Class C student. Manabe claims that Karuizawa has pushed Rika out of the line at a cafe, then asks Karuizawa to go and apologise to Rika. Karuizawa denies and claims she doesn't know anything, but retorts when Manabe tries to take a picture of her to confirm with Rika. During their confrontation Ibuki expresses his displeasure about actions of Manabe. As Manabe becomes more suspicious, Karuizawa turns to Machida for help, who tells Manabe to stop forcibly taking photos of Karuizawa and that it would be better to talk with Rika to confirm the story. Manabe eventually withdraws.** [32](../references/vol4.md)

**Situation gets worse when after meeting is over exhausted Kei accidentely steps on Manabe's foot. Even when Kei appologized, Manabe didn't accept it and only shouted at her.** [33](../references/vol4.md)

**At second meeting becomes obvious that Karuizawa's current behaviour is very stange. She doesn't act as usual self. And the reason for that she is no more at the top of hierarchy.** [34](../references/vol4.md)

**Kiyotaka realises that she has been acting differently than usual. He wants to know more about her vulnerable side and decides to act. Kiyotaka then chases after Manabe and her friends in Class C. He calls out to them when they reach the elevator and mentions Karuizawa. This grabs their attention and Kiyotaka lies that he saw Karuizawa pushed over their friend at the cafe and wants to give them a heads up.** [35](../references/vol4.md)

**Kiyotaka becomes more and more curious about Karuizawa, and he dicides to talk about her with Suzune. He wonders about Kei's secret self. But due to intervention from Ibuki their discussion Kiyotaka couldn't get any useful information.** [36](../references/vol4.md) **Later at the same day Kiyotaka learns from Yukimura that Kei is not VIP, but she didn't prove this by showing text of message.** [37](../references/vol4.md)

**When there is time for 3rd meeting the first person who came was Kei. She wanted to avoid contact with Manabe and other girls. Next person who came after her was Ayanokoji. Before he could even start a converstation she's already talked on phone with her female friend from another group totally ignoring him. The topic of their conversation was her complaints about that she didn't get in same group as Hirata and others. This talk was for scouting in advance to control them, in order to avoid issues from appearing after the test was finished.** [38](../references/vol4.md)

**Because she still had time before 18:00, in order to pass the time she asked him a question. But due to Kiyotaka's poor communicative abilities they couldn't have a normal conversation.** [39](../references/vol4.md)

**As all the members have shown up, Class A take their distance as usual. Karuizawa stands up and joins them, sitting next to Machida, who then assures to help her if anything happens.** [40](../references/vol4.md)

**The next group meeting, before the discussion time starts, the Class C girls ask Machida to come play with them after the meeting. Karuizawa then arrives and tells them to give back her seat. Manabe provokes Karuizawa by saying she is talking to Machida and tell him to choose. Karuizawa grabs Machida's hand and tells him that she won't go out with him if he chooses Manabe. Kiyotaka is surprised that she can say that while being Hirata's girlfriend. Machida then asks Manabe to move, leaving her annoyed. Kiyotaka notes that Karuizawa has been attaching herself to Hirata and Machida, so that she can gain control and influence within her class and the group. Kiyotaka wonders about the reason for her actions, whether it is for a sense of superiority, self-satisfaction or the spotlight.** [41](../references/vol4.md)

**Karuizawa, after exchanging contact information with Machida, exits the room. The Class C girls, Manabe and her two friends, then make their way out. Yukimura points out a weird vibe from the three. While Sotomura can't notice anything, Kiyotaka thinks he is correct. Yukimura and Kiyotaka see them following Karuizawa, who is now alone by herself, and quietly chase after them.** [42](../references/vol4.md)

**Kiyotaka hears a sound of the door leading to the emergency stairs slamming shut. He quietly opens it and hears the three girls confronting Karuizawa. Karuizawa still feigns ignorance when being asked about their friend, Rika. However, she quickly tells them that she accidentally bumped into Rika when the girls try to call her, but refuses to apologise and says that their friend is in the wrong.**

**Losing their patience, the three girls begin to use physical threats on Karuizawa. Yukimura tries to open the door but Kiyotaka stops him. As Karuizawa starts having trouble breathing and holding her head, Manabe then grabs her hair and yanks her head up, threatening to cut up her face. Karuizawa is trembled and becomes unable to move.**

**Yukimura is unable to hold it and opens the door to intervene. Kiyotaka also steps in and tells the girls that a teacher has just passed by so they should better leave. The Class C girls then threaten Karuizawa for the last time before leaving.**

**Yukimura asks Karuizawa if she is okay, but she slaps his hand away and tells him to leave her alone. She then angrily leaves the place, slamming the door shut. Yukimura is overwhelmed and leaves after seemingly exhausted. Kiyotaka believes that there is another reason for Karuizawa's terrified appearance, other than being threatened.** [43](../references/vol4.md)

~~After one of their group meetings, Kiyotaka and Teruhiko saw Kei getting dragged into the emergency stairs and getting confronted by Manabe and others. Manabe was still confronting Kei about the incident that happened to Rika, but Kei was being stubborn and neglected the fact that she pushed Rika. As the argument got heated up, Manabe and others lost their patience and started making physical contact with Kei. Though they began by shoving her shoulder, even this caused Kei to show strange symptoms for her, breathing raggedly and curling into a fetal position. Manabe and her friends then proceeded to grab Kei's hair and forcefully pulled Kei up, and saying that they wanted to hit Kei's face. This act of physical bullying really caused Kei to lose her previous arrogance and attitude, causing her to begin to shake and tear up to the point where the previous Karuizawa Kei seemed nothing more than a façade. Before the situation could turn even worse, Teruhiko, who couldn’t bear to watch it anymore, came to interrupt them. The situation did not get better until Kiyotaka said that he saw a teacher and said it was better for them to leave. Manabe and others left, and Kei recovered. She then brushed off Teruhiko, who showed concerns, and told him and Kiyotaka not to let anyone know about this.~~

~~Kiyotaka thought that Kei's reactions were too extreme, so he asked Hirata and learned about that Kei had been bullied since elementary school. As he learned that Kei was a capable person who could cover up her past using a new persona up until now, he decided to make her his pawn who would secretly completely obey his orders. He anonymously testified to Manabe about their issue, then used Hirata's phone to lure Kei to the ship's basement near the engine room and let Manabe's group get revenge for their friend. After Manabe's group left, he approached Kei and told her that he would save her in exchange for her obeying all orders. Kei tried to put up a strong front, but lost all will to resist when Kiyotaka glared deeply into her eye. He secretly took a video of Manabe bullying Kei at the staircase, which he used to save Kei by blackmailing Manabe's group into not approaching Kei or saying anything about Kei. Finally forming a relationship with Kei, he firstly made her go along with his plan, making A-class wrongly guess the group traitor.~~

**At 2:00 AM in the midnight, Karuizawa has contacted Hirata, she wanted to meet with him. The meeting is at a lounge area near the second floor. Karuizawa is surprised and angered that Kiyotaka is there, but Hirata tells her that he brings him along since he seems to understand the situation. Hirata then talks about Karuizawa's encounter with the Class C girls, with Kiyotaka confirming that he also saw it. Karuizawa had to push that girl from class 1-C to save her face in front of her friends. Hirata replies that entirely her fault. Karuizawa has asked Hirata to take revenge on the girls, but Hirata refuses and wants to resolve things with them peacefully. Karuizawa insists that it's not possible, but Hirata replies that he can't just hurt someone else to help her. Karuizawa shouts that he's a liar since he said he would protect her. Hirata stands up and says that he's told her from the start, that they are not actually boyfriend and girlfriend and he won't fight a war for her.**

**Hirata tells her that he intends to speak with Manabe and her friends in the morning and will tell them that Karuizawa will apologise. Karuizawa still refuses and Hirata says he can't help her if that's the case. Hirata then asks Kiyotaka for ideas, but Karuizawa angrily declares that she doesn't need help and their relationship is over, before abandons them and leaves.**

**Hirata and Karuizawa had fake relationship, they've been dating for almost 4 months but their relationship hadn't progressed much. Thanks to that Karuizawa's popularity had soared after going out with Hirata, and he was playing the boyfriend role to help raising her status.**

**She just wanted to protect herself.**

**Karuizawa was viciously bullied in elementary and junior high years and that she was just desperately trying to act tough and not showing her real personality.**

**Kiyotaka then asks Hirata for a favour and hands him a piece of paper. Hirata accepts his request and tells Kiyotaka that he knows the identity of the last VIP student from Class D.** [44](../references/vol4.md)
 
**Kiyotaka then proceeds down to the lowest level on the ship, to an area prohibited from students but isn't locked, where generally no one appears and phones have almost no reception. After observing, Kiyotaka then returns to the upper deck and make a call to Hirata. He then receives a message from Hirata, saying he's promised to meet Karuizawa at 4:00 PM and sends Kiyotaka information about Manabe. Kiyotaka then starts messaging anonymously to Manabe. He tells her that he is a classmate who also hates Karuizawa and wants to work together to get a revenge on her. Manabe is initially suspicious but eventually follows and asks about the plan.** [45](../references/vol4.md)

**Karuizawa arrives early at the meeting point where she is supposed to meet Hirata. At 4 o'clock, Manabe and her friends also comes to the place, including Rika. Karuizawa notices them and starts trembling. Manabe tells Karuizawa to meet Rika and apologise to her. Karuizawa still insists that she didn't do anything wrong, but Manabe threatens her and tells her that she knew about Karuizawa being bullied.  It wasn’t as though Manabe was highly perceptive or anything. She knew because Kiyotaka told her everything beforehand. He told her that Karuizawa had been cruelly bullied ever since childhood, also from his message she knew that Kei will be here at that time. That she harbored deep trauma. Karuizawa weakly denies and tries to escape, but Manabe grabs her hair and slams her to the wall. Manabe then starts beating Karuizawa up, even pressing Rika to join in, while Karuizawa keeps pleading them to stop and collapses in fear. Kiyotaka quietly leaves the scene and closes the door.** [46](../references/vol4.md)

**After Manabe and her friends have left, Kiyotaka enters and calls Karuizawa, who is still cowering on the ground. As she didn't expected to be there, Karuizawa becomes panicked. After a while, Kiyotaka asks if she's calmed down. Karuizawa wipes her tears and asks about Hirata. Kiyotaka says he's there in his place, since a teacher called Hirata away and Kiyotaka just happened to be with him in that time. Karuizawa says that Manabe and her friends caused the scene and warns him not to tell anyone about it. She also suggests him to get back at them since they're girls. Kiyotaka refuses as it would only escalate the situation further. Karuizawa mutters that Manabe and her friends would continue doing awful things to her. Kiyotaka tells her he understands that she wants to prevent it, since it would be terrible if things went back like in the old days.** 

**Karuizawa asks what he is talking about. Kiyotaka pins her against the wall and mentions how Manabe and her friends beat her up and the fact that she was a victim of bullying. Karuizawa asks if he heard it from Hirata, and Kiyotaka replies that he isn't of any use to her in a situation like this.**

**Kiyotaka then threatens to expose her if she doesn't do as he says. Karuizawa screams and asks if he's after her body. Kiyotaka runs his fingertips across her thighs. Karuizawa tries to escape but Kiyotaka threatens her not to run or he'll tell everyone in the school about her. Kiyotaka then tells her to spread her legs and pretends to play with his belt buckle. He is interested in how far she would go instead of her body and concludes that she has become a perfect tool for him.**

**Karuizawa vents her anger and mentions it's not the first time she's succumbed to forces. She gives a thin smile and stares at Kiyotaka, saying she couldn't do anything else and could only take all the bullying. As she lifts her skirt, Kiyotaka grabs her wrists and asks what happened to her. Karuizawa tells him about her punishments that happened countless times, with any kind of bullying one can imagine. Kiyotaka thinks she is still hiding something and presses on. Noticing her gaze at her left waist, he grabs her uniform and pulls it up, which reveals a deep scar caused by a sharp blade.**

**Kiyotaka sees the darkness in her eyes that overlaps with his. He promises to protect her from bullying from now on, claiming he is much more reliable than Hirata or Machida. He then shows her his phone that has a photo of her being assaulted by Manabe and her group, saying he can stop them with it. He wants her to cooperate and assist him in the future, doing whatever he needs. As Class D lacks unity, if she can control the girls, the situation will improve and they can be able to overtake Class A. He then tells her they first need to guide their group to victory in this exam. As Karuizawa wonders how, Kiyotaka says that she can help since she is the VIP student.** [47](../references/vol4.md)

**At the last meeting of the group class, 1-B suggests to shows their phones so they can aim for the first outcome. While some are concerned about it, one by one students start show their mail, including Kiyotaka and Karuizawa.**

**Before the meeting VIP student Karuizawa swapped her phones with Kiyotaka. Kiyotaka used his points to unlock the SIM and transfer his number to the phone. He then approached Yukimura under the pretense that he's the VIP and swapped Karuizawa's phone with Yukimura's, telling him it was his phone. Thanks to their plans group came to 4th outcome, when Karuizawa wasn't identified.** [48](../references/vol4.md)

**Kiyotaka and Karuizawa meet at the cafe. Karuizawa was worried about the result of exam, but Kiyotaka reassured her.Soon after Hirata came, because of their last talk there was awkward silence between them. In just five more minutes before appointed time they are also soon joined by Hirata and Suzune. Previously Kiyotaka's said to Horikita that he will introduce her another piece for reaching class A, it this piece is Kei. After everyone gathered they started discussion about exam results.** [49](../references/vol4.md)
